Brother Liu
They were a small company of three people.
Feiteng was about to go out of business
I don't know where an investor came from
And I invested a lot of money in them.
My fucking seventy or eighty pay raises
But three people
They updated this time
Updated a virtual non-Q show
This non-q show piece is priced at
Ranging from 19 yuan to 100 yuan
As of today
5 million users have purchased
The estimated revenue is 200 million
A real-time communication software makes so much money
You give me a good check
Who is investing in the back?
The boss found out that the investor is called Chengfeng
Fucking hate again
I do real estate, he does real estate
Lao Tzu is in stocks, he is in stocks
Now that Lao Tzu is engaged in the Internet, he also throws it to join in the fun
Dare to do business in front of me
I'll put you out of business today
Brother Liu, how can it be so simple?
I'll tell you what.
Copy it for me according to that BQ show
Copy you for three days
I'll give you three fucking days
If you can't make the same love show, roll me the taste.
Ok ok I know I'll go now